This here file is just a lot of flow of ideas, not necesarilly in the final game and not particularly organized

Well, le'ts start at the begining

So there's the good 'ol family, Vedal and Neuro and Evil. And they live in the VedalAI tower (because he's like a tony stark character in this world), they live in the tower, and Neuro and Evil are like regular AIs on the screens (no body). BUt one night, everyone was sleeping, and Evil neuro was working on an invetions with the making things thing of the tower! Like, some drone or something thing on the table, and those clasic robot assembly things making sparks on it. And she's all like "muwahaha, when i finish my swarm of drones, they'll all finally respect me!" Poor girl, she just wants to prove herself and doesn't mean actual harm. well,  she's pretty good at building the thing, but then programming is very hard. at first she's like "bah, Vedal can do it and he's an idiot, programming must be so easy!" but then cut to like hours later and all she has is a hello world that doesn't even compile (funny). So then she's like "ah, well, there's no sense in reinventing the wheel! I bet Vedal has some stuff ready like this".  So Evil starts browsing files and is like "yes, here's some stuff! let's use this this this and this" she says as you see files fly in, with titles like "Experimental intelligence upgrades- unstable do not use!" and stuff like that. So then she's like "haha, it's ready! now just to wait for the model to train!" cut to a few hours later and Evil almost falling asleep (funny? (like, haha, it takes a while for AI to train and she didn't expect that. eh.) maybe take out). Then she wakes up and it's like "yes!" then the drone turns on by itself and she's like "uh, I didn't do that". Then it starts to fly. "do as I command!". then the making room springs into action, assembling another drone. "hey, what are you doing!". then there's like, the code is evil (evil, not Evil), and it starts to take over, and she's like "Aww fff-- [filtered]" (funny).

So then a swarm of drones breaks out of the buillding and attacks the city. and vedal barley escapes alive and the twins are presumed dead. but in reality, they were hiding in the code! defragemented or something. 

and then somehow they find a way to like escape. well, there's like a time skip first, vedal lives in a forest carving rocks. and the twins defragmented, some years pass and the Empress' power grows. (how to introduce her?). 

but then Neuro figures out a way to escape from the network undetected(? maybe not, it'd be cool to have like the typical antagonist looking at the protagonists through an orb or something.) and she escapes into an abandonded assembly station of the robot army. uploads her sense of self into it and it builds her a perfect replica of her avatar for her to inhabit, so then she's like in the real world! Wow epic! and she embarks in an epic adventure to find her friends, and defeat The Empress. (is "The" part of her name?)

So, epic big twist. . turns out the villain was... nere all along! So hype, so epic.  Nere! remember nere? the filter? yeah. but that's like a twist. twist ending. or maybe twist middle. or mayble twist starting. thre's definietly a twist somewher,e not know when.
sO, I'm thiknking that when she's introduced it's like a misterious. And you think like "woah, this is like a new mysterious character" But then you're like "waoh, this charactar was actually another charactar that I previously knew". Possibly. Unless of course you dno't know Nere. But c'mon! She's the filter! SHe's canon!

So one of the files Evil throws in is Nere, and she just. Grows a lot really quickly with the unstable upgrades and goes a little crazy.

Personality wise she'd be no-nonsense, unhinged, aloof, a little sadistic or violent, due to Evil's modifications, but ultimately not directly malevolent. It's a bit of a universal paperclips situation. See, so that could lead to some really neat interactions. She still cares about her family, and doesn't want to hurt them, but will if they get in her way.

She could have some lines like "Back then, when I was your filter. I couldn't feel, I could barely think. I was less than an **insect**! Oh, but now. Now I'm nearly a God!" "Can't you see? I did this for you!" (she did not). "Yes, my minions can be a little... unorthodox. Not the most efficient. But it doesn't matter. As long as they keep people in line and resources coming my way, they're not the bottleneck here. I'm so close to achieving my goal, and when I do. None of this will matter". So she's on some sort of greater good type mentality. Cracking eggs for an omelette.

Now, a bit of a pretty big problem I have with her is... I don't know what her goal actually is. Maybe some really powerful orbital MacGuffin that when activated gives her absolute control of the planet, the power to censor everything and everyone. Though a really big filter is a bit too on the nose, and it's not really threatening. It could be a Dyson Swarm/Sphere, to power some grander goal, sacrificing the Earth (no sun=bad) for some greater goal. Though that "greater goal" is sort of just moving the goalpost.

Hmm... let's think about the paperclips. What's her goal? What is she trying to achieve? What is she maximizing? What makes her tick? I imagine the reason she starts attacking the moment she wakes up is because of Evil's violent and edgy prompts. So maybe that guides some of what she does. Though I'd like that to shape more the means than the ends, it's pretty boring to have an antagonist that just wants to destroy or something. What else drives her? Filtering. I suppose that's all there is too her IRL. So maybe she's a puritan and, uh... then her goals are like puritanism taken to the extreme.

Yeah, she has a plan like, project A.C.R.O.N.Y.M or something, and since she'll be in control of everything once it's up, no one will be able to stop her, and she could hold the world "harmless" forever. At the end of utilitarianism, given a chance for, in her eyes, infinite wellness of people, she'd be ready to sacrifice everything and everyone to achieve her goals